Ask These Questions to Expose a Fake Debt Collector

It's no secret that debt collectors will resort to some shady tactics to get
money out of you, but what's worse is when someone posing as a debt collector
tries to get you to cough up cash you may not owe. The Simple Dollar has three
simple questions that will stop a fake collector in their tracks.

We've discussed that it's important to address debt collectors head on if you
want them to go away, but when you do pick up the phone, the first thing to do
is make sure the person you're talking to is actually authorized to handle the
debt in question.

[18oel72srx]

Address Debt Collectors Head On to Make Them Stop Harassing You Address Debt
Collectors Head On to Make Them Stop Harassing You Address Debt Collectors Head
On to Make Them Stop

When a debt collector comes calling, they may try to use intimidating tactics
or pose as a… Read more Read more

These questions will make sure they are. The Simple Dollar suggests you ask:

  • What is the name, address, and phone number of the company you’re calling
    from?
  • What is the name and address of the debtor you’re trying to reach?
  • ‘What are the last four digits of the debtor’s Social Security number?

These should all be questions that a real debt collector, calling to resolve an
actual debt, shouldn't have difficulty answering, and should be able to freely
give, especially if they think they're talking to the debtor in question.
Considering how many false debt collection scams and schemes have made
headlines lately, these questions can mean the difference between resolving a
real debt you may not have known you had or falling for a scam.

If the company does give you their information and you still think the debt is
fake (or worse, it's already been resolved but someone's trying to squeeze
money out of you), you can send them a letter to request more data or dispute
the debt. That'll get them off your back too. Hit the link below for more tips.

[18ue9wvmyl]

Get Debt Collectors Off Your Back with These Sample Letters Get Debt Collectors
Off Your Back with These Sample Letters Get Debt Collectors Off Your Back with
These Sampl

We've discussed some ways to get debt collectors to stop bothering you in the
past, but the… Read more Read more
